# Evergreen // Early Spring, 5014u
Within the **GOVERNOR'S FARM**, **SMC** learned of **EVERGREEN'S** growing problem with unknown aggressors. While rumored by much of the colony to be a group of indigenous insectoid lifeforms known as **EGREGORIANS**, **PATIENCE** believes them to be nothing more than a group of pirates and claim jumpers seeking to exploit them. 

Thus, the group was offered to pick between two time-critical assignments: to either escort a convoy of **CASTOR FIELDING'S** engineering team to drain the landing bowl, or to track down the **SNIPER TEAM** harassing the colony. SMC decided that they would accept the former.

As they escorted the convoy to the Landing Bowl, they were ambushed by a group of raiders, which they fortunately had managed to neutralize with negligible damage to themselves and no harm to the CEC vehicles. They reached the Bowl with no further complications, but were at that moment notified of a distress call by **PATIENCE** and called to assist one of the **GREY TOWNS** to the Southeast of Evergreen.

As they reached **CHÂU MAIZE**, they found a swarm of hostile subalterns seemingly directed by a large automated chassis flagged as **\[THE BROADCAST\]**, protected by other unmanned mechs. Once it was defeated, the subalterns fell, deactivated. Albert Châu thanked them for the rescue, retreating closer to Liu Maize. **CHESTER** inspected the farm's infected COMP/CON, finding directives seemingly issued by an NHP and extracting a semi-sentient program known as **CYNOSURE**.

# Evergreen // Mid Spring, 5014u

In the following time off-duty, **AMERIC** questioned one of the prisoners they had taken during the landing bowl ambush, who explained they were natives fighting a hostile force referred to as **THE MACHINE**, and believed Evergreen was one and the same. These claims have yet to be verified as true; Patience has refuted with the fact that scans revealed there was no civilized presence prior to the establishment of Evergreen, and such a thing would invalidate their legal claim on the planet. Thus, they conclude that these are fabrications made by the pirates to sow doubt and direct attention away from themselves.

**CHESTER** worked to purge an infection that seemed to worm its way into his personal NHP, **NIKO**. In his first attempt, he failed and transferred the infection onto himself, forcing him to spend more time to wipe it away. He eventually succeeded, albeit leaving **CYNOSURE** subdued and unusable for a good amount of time.

**VAGGUR** hoped to find more information on **HERCYNIA** from Patience. While they weren't able to give more than Vaggur already knew, they allowed SMC advanced access to the equipment in the Governor's Farm for further research.

**RHAEGAR** decided to look around Evergreen and investigate one of the many remnants left behind by an old conflict on Hercynia. Following up on a claim by a Militia trooper that there was a buried mech in the South, he instead found a large hole with a few scraps scattered about, with a mass of footprints leading away, to the East. Tracking the prints, he happened upon an old, wrecked **BERSERKER** chassis, along with several destroyed subalterns. Before he could investigate what exactly destroyed them, his questions were soon answered by a sudden armor-piercing round striking his shield. Running to the source of the attack, he was ambushed by **VENOM** and the rest of the **SNIPER TEAM**. Calling for assistance from the rest of SMC, they were able to defeat the team and take Venom prisoner.

**DERRICK** began formulating blueprints for a backup power system, so that he may use it temporarily if his reactor approaches an overheat.
