# Evergreen // Late Spring, 5014u
The weeks of Spring passed, with the hot and humid Summer approaching on the horizon. **SMC** was summoned to **EVERGREEN'S COUNCIL CHAMBERS** to attend a meeting with the colony's leadership. After going over the mercenary group's work in helping the colony since they've arrived, **PATIENCE** informed the council of reports that activity has increased near Evergreen's border. Putting the colony at maximum security level, he asks **SMC** to remain on high alert and stay within the colony while Militia scouts try and track the **RAIDERS**.

Later that night, in the cover of darkness, the **RAIDERS** lead a surprise attack on **EVERGREEN**, making a bid for the destruction of the colony's reactor. In the end, **SMC** was able to repel the attackers, but not before an infiltration team was able to reach the **GOVERNOR'S FARM** and free the prisoners kept at its armory.

As the **RAIDERS** initiated a full retreat, a small lance broke off and assaulted the colony itself, lead by a berserk pilot aboard an ancient **ENKIDU-CLASS FRAME**, flagged as **REGRET**. **SMC** fortunately neutralized the mech, warding off the rest of its lance.

**ARGUN**, the commander they had captured, upon interrogation, continued to contribute to the belief that the **"EGREGORIANS"** are not criminals at all, but forgotten natives of the world trying to defend their home. As a sign of goodwill, **EVERGREEN** released most of the prisoners they were currently holding, and attempted to educate **ARGUN** on aspects of the modern galaxy.

In the following day of respite and restoration of **EVERGREEN**, **CHESTER ADRIAS** took a walk through the colony to try and familiarize himself with its people. Along the way, he encountered **MILITIA** troopers **ZEB 'FIREHOSE' MAROWSKI** and **DANIEL 'YESMAN' ERICKSON**, who were observing a malfunctioning **AGRI-DRONE** moving in circles outside the colony. When **CHESTER** approached it for further inspection, he found evidence that it was receiving a **MYSTERIOUS SIGNAL** similar to what was being transmitted by **\[THE BROADCAST\]**.

**VAGGUR JORGENSEN** encounters an error while printing his new Mech, requiring him to assemble it manually. **IPS-N** apologizes with a voucher for a free lifetime supply of **PACKED MEAT**. Unfortunately, he is unable to redeem it, as it must be claimed at an office two systems away.
